One's social class, race, education level, and the area in which they reside.
Personal responsibility and determination
What comes to mind when thinking or social determinants of health is the correlation between low income communities being in close vicinity of a freeway. This causes these communities to experience multiple health problems due to the poor air quality.
 I think it means the affordability of healthcare to individuals based on their economic status.
Something that comes to mind is money since it is very important to have it. So you can buy food, medicine, fast food to stay healthy and happy.
Peoples health.
What comes to mind for me is when your frustrated you are able to speak about it and get help, so in the end your not frustrated.
I think this is important for everyone to understand.
Finances, jobs and environmental health.
Social factors such as the environment and their impact on an individuals physical well-being.
I think of a healthy body, a stable financial situation, and a positive living/work environment.
I believe it is the health conditions of an individual and/or groups
Health care
Depression
The conditions of peoples' place of living and work.
I think of how poverty could affect someones health, what foods they can afford or opportunities to exercise.
Not sure what a social determinant of health is.
I'm not sure.
I don't know.
Medical Centers
The things that make up someones healthy lifestyle.
Health, financial issues, environment
Don't know
Unhealthy foods
My mental health
I think of social determinants of health as the factors of how to have a well-rounded healthy life.
I think of medical accessibility, mental health, economic placement, and physical health.
Medical accessibility, economic position, wage, and physical health
how our social lives can affect our health; for example, the people that surround us.
When I think of social determinants of health I think about someone’s social and health life and how stable it is.
I think of how education, finances, housing, food, and people can affect your health.
Your social life, getting along with others, etc.
I think of factors that contribute to someone's to health
healthy eating
I dont know what that means
what comes to mind is how important it is and should be discussed more. I didn’t know about it till i read it somewhere in a book, it’s very interesting how your environment can have a huge impact on your health.
I don't really know anything.
Mental health and stress.
What comes to mind is a group or company which gives information to us for our health.
Education and community.
nothing
Economic wage decent living conditions food intake
I believe that social media has a lot to do with our health, especially our mental health.
Poverty
the income and living conditions (like pollution)
Physical and mental setting and outside/inside stresses and responsibilities
One's surrounding that effect thier healt and well-being.
Used as a tool to determine health patterns
When I think of social determinanats is where you live and what job you have.
I think of social determinants of health as the factors of how to have a well-rounded healthy life.
good health
The difficulty of accessing health care at a reasonable price.
Economic stability, education, environment, healthcare, and community comes to my mind.
Certain things in society that either improve or decrease the health of the common population.
I dont understand that word.
S.D.O.H or technology repairs
When I think of the social determinants of health I think of people and events that can affect one's health.
When I think about social determinants of health, I think of the factors individuals face which impact their health. This can include mental health issues caused by systematic challenges, food insecurity, and subpar access to needed services and assistance.
When I think of social determinants of health I think of the conditions in which people live in, work in, and spend their time in, which is something very important because their environment affects people in many ways.
Mental health
The social aspect of maintains good health as a whole.
whenever I hear of social determinants to health, I think of anything in someone's surrounding environment that could affect their health, usually in a negative way. Take for example, Flint, Michigan, a city infamous for its undrinkable tap water.
Situations or environments that influence ones social health.
I don't have experience.
They are the conditions people have in their life that are vital.
Do not know
How well you do with people
Coding
I don't know a lot about social determinants of health.
Health Care access
When I think of social determinants of health I think of social health like mentally.
I’m not sure what that means.  So nothing really comes to mind.  This is my honest opinion.