People who are living on the streets with no stable income. This is often indicated by their uncleanliness or an unstable state of mind.
trash
When I think of homelessness what comes to mind is the lack of a solid home, or source of income and the amount of people that experience it.
I remember seeing people on the streets, without a home, and having all of their stuff in shopping carts.
When I think of homelessness, something that comes to mind is people walking around the streets carrying items in a cart or a basket and those people moving to different places to find more money.
People without homes.
When I think of homelessness it’s people without a job who can’t really support themselves.
I think its becoming over populated, and that those people need a chance to live a life, then sit outside and rot for the rest of their lives.
Homeless people and Governor Newsom
I think of an ongoing and increasing issue in our country and society; something that needs awareness and change.
Sad people with poor living conditions in the middle of an urban city.
I believe it's the lack of housing Opportunities for individuals.
People who are less fortunate than us.
A person who is not in a great financial state and has no home.
I think about what could be their story and how they ended up with no home.
People living in tents on the streets or by the freeway and people living in the homeless shelters.
People who have mental illnesses that make it more difficult to find jobs. Also families who’ve lost their jobs and cant afford rent anymore.
Food shelters and community-operated lodging for people to stay.
I believe that some people aren't as fortunate and didn't get the opportunity of good education or a healthy environment.  I do lots of volunteering services to help homeless every week.
I haven't thought about it.
People that lost their jobs because of covid
Poverty
Poverty and poor health.
People with no homes
Not applicable
People who are unfortunate of have made a bad choices or many choices in life.
Poor and living on the streets
I think of homelessness as a person who goes bankrupt in his business or a financial loss in his/her life, and thus who is living in the a corner of an urban building.
Homelessness is an ever-growing problem that needs to be stopped. However, since so many people are in homelessness because of drugs and bad decisions, we should give them opportunities to improve, and if they take that opportunity over drugs, then they should be rehabilitated.
Homelessness is a growing problem that needs to be stopped. When I think of homelessness, I think of rows of tents on the ground, under bridges, and by the road.
unhomed people who may or may not struggle throughout the day
I think people on the street no money and some are trying to get back and some aren’t.
I think of someone not having a home, living on the streets, and struggling to get money for daily essentials to survive.
Not having a home or much money
I think about the tents and shelters.
People need help
Sadness, mental health
a homeles person
My life previously
What comes to mind is there are many reasons there are homeless people, it can do with lack of education opportunities, poor job opportunities due to racism and prejudice or even mental disorders that are not focused on enough.
That there is quite a bit of unemployment in the world.
Poverty
Having no home .
Income level
Someone not have a home and living in the streets.
Sadness
People with no home
idk
My neighborhood
Housing crisis
Not working hard enough in life.
cities
sometimes it comes to not enough help with finance or health
Those who perhaps do not have the right experience or environment to get training to find a job.
A societal problem that is a result of serious failings of government and other programs that is a concern in Southern California.
What led to their situation and what resources can be used to help them
I think it is something that needs to be fixed and many homeless people are victims
I think of homelessness as a person who goes bankrupt in his business or a financial loss in his/her life, and thus who is living in the a corner of an urban building.
sad, poor
The difficulty of being able to get back on your feet when you don't have anything
I believe they should be granted an opportunity to change their lives again, such as providing them with a part time job or education.
People who do not have anywhere to live securely.
Someone who doesnt have a house to live in.
Traveling life
I think of people that need assistance to get back on their feet. They should be respected and treated kindly. Every time I see homeless individuals I normally see people looking down on them.
Homelessness is a serious problem that we, as a society, have an obligation to fix. After doing some research for my gold award project, I also know there's a serious need for mental health support and shelters that accompany the discussion of homelessness.
When I think of homelessness I think of how people lack the basic things they need to live a dignified life like the rest, but they might be in a situation where they can't control their reality and sadly they don't have enough support from the government to change their lifestyle.
Los Angeles
Not having a home, job, or support system.
I usually think of homelessness and homeless people, as people who tend to live around shopping areas and do not have any permanent residence. I am aware that homelessness could be people who unconventional homes, such as cars, but I tend to forget that they are considered homeless
Large cities.
I think of starvation.
I think of someone who has had a hard life, but there is no way to judge someone based on their look
people not having a home
Poor, underprivileged, sadness, people who need help.
People asking for money
Skid Row
I wish the government and people of high power would help homelessness better.
reasons why individual are homeless
When I think of homelessness what comes to mind is of people who unfortunately dont have a place to call a home.
I do not like the image of see people without houses but I also do not like how homelessness paints a city negatively.