In the game Among Us, on a long enough timeline, absolutely everything and everyone will be declared as “pretty sus” at some point. “Sus” is a convenient shorthand for suspicious; it’s easy to type, even on a mobile device, and it gets your point across quickly. You may not have seen a little bean kill someone in the reactor core, but you’re pretty sure they were up there at some point, or they ran at you in a funny way. That’s all pretty sus.

“Sus” is a gut feeling without evidence, and there’s a reason why Among Us fans have started using it in their everyday vocabularies — sometimes those gut feelings pay off. As a player, it feels amazing to pull some detective work based off in-game body language or someone idling in the wrong place.
But sometimes a player convincingly lays out a steel cage of logic that proves that someone else in the imposter. “I saw Red kill Green in the Reactor from the security cameras, then he hit a sabotage alert on the Oxygen so everyone would rush to fix it!” or “Blue set up a sabotage, vented to kill Pink, and then reported the body to hide her involvement!”

All of the cards are on the table, and it feels very much like you’ve identified that it was Professor Plum, in the library, with the candlestick, and you’re about to get the victory you rightfully deserve.
And then the imposter types in chat: “idk youre pretty sus.” Someone else then chimes in with “they’re sus?” and someone else is like “I was in reactor and I didn’t see anything who are we voting for.” It’s such a lazy, underhanded tactic, like if you witnessed a murderer take the stand for a crime you witnessed. The murderer just shrugs and goes “Nah, wasn’t me. Pretty sure it was the witness.”

The flurry of confusion and clarifications that come from an accusation of “sus” snowballs until everyone’s pointing the finger at you. Next thing you know, the judge and prosecutor are demanding to know why you were in the boiler room and not resetting the seismic systems.
“I finished my tasks super early one round, so I was checking every room, and I saw White kill Pink in storage,” Elise, an Among Us player, tells Polygon over Discord. “No ambiguity. I report them and I’m typing up a whole paragraph and they go ‘self-report is pretty sus’ and everyone votes for me?! He immediately controlled the narrative, which was impressive, but I was also so, so salty.”

That’s the imposter’s dream: the ability to just throw an innocent crewmate right out into the void of space, based off nothing but a vague hunch and a gullible audience. That’s why “pretty sus” has become a sort of reflex among this game’s players: They’re ready for absolutely everything to come out of a vent or accuse them of a murder, even if it means pointing the finger at you as a result.

Among Us was inspired by the live party game Mafia,[2][32] and science fiction horror film The Thing.[33] The idea for the concept was originally given by Marcus Bromander, co-founder of Innersloth, who had played Mafia since he was a kid. In the original game, function cards were dealt and players wandered around a house, aimlessly, while another person secretly killed the players, drawing a finger around their neck. Most of its mechanics were still present in Among Us, but the team wanted to "alleviate the need to create an interesting home model and have someone wandering around in a boring environment". So, they decided that the game would be space themed and also added tasks, which, according to Forest Willard, programmer at Innersloth, "changed several times during development".[33][34]

Development began in November 2017.[34] The game was initially intended to be a mobile-only local multiplayer game with a single map.[35] Bromander paused development on Innersloth's other game, The Henry Stickmin Collection, in order to build Among Us' first map, The Skeld.[36] When they began developing the first map, they intended that the ship was always in crisis and that the Impostors could do tasks. However, they found this setup "stressful" and decided that it "[wouldn't leave] much time for detective work and informed meeting conversations".[33][34] Willard described playtesting as painful and frustrating, as the game would break down during sessions forcing him to send playtesters new builds off of Google Play. The team tested the game with 8 of their friends and never tested the game with 9 or the maximum of 10 players.[36] The game was developed using the Unity engine.[37]