Have you ever seen the ocean? Have you ever been in the ocean? Have you ever gone snorkelling or scuba diving and gotten a really good look at what exists beneath the ocean's surface? It's just amazing! The ocean is teeming with life.   When most people think about ocean life, they tend to think about fishes but there is a lot more to marine life than that. In this course, you are going to study the amazing organisms that exist in the ocean. You have probably already learned about some of these  creatures  (like  dolphins  and  sharks),  but  there  are  many  organisms  (like zooxanthellae and deep-ocean anglerfish) that will probably be new to you.   Not only will you learn about the amazing organisms that make their homes in the ocean, but you will also learn about the complex interactions that these creatures have with  one  another.  You  will  even  learn  about  the  complex  interactions  that  these organisms have with  land-dwelling creatures. As you study all of these  things, you will see that the oceans play a vital role for all life on earth, and you will be amazed at God's handiwork!  The ocean is a vast realm that contains many strange and wonderful creatures. The beauty,  mystery, and  power  of  the sea  fascinate  people  all over  the  world.  Even professional marine biologists feel the sense of adventure and wonder in their studies.
The ocean’s beauty, mystery, and variety of life, are the main attractions for people to study marine biology. Marine biology is the more general science of biology applied to  the  sea.  Most  of  the  disciplined  in biology  are  represented in  marine  biology. Marine biology has  many branches,  viewpoints, and approaches.  It is  also closely related to oceanography, the scientific study of the oceans. Geological oceanographers study the  sea floor,  chemical  oceanographers  study ocean  chemistry, and  physical oceanographers study waves, tides, currents, and other physical aspects of the sea. 
Life on earth is believed to be originated in the sea, therefore the study of marine life teaches us much about all life on earth, not just in the sea. Marine life helps determine the very  nature of  our planet.  Marine organisms  produce  much  of the  oxygen we breathe and help regulate the  earth’s  climate.  Thus, to make  full  and wise use of the sea’s living  resources,  to  solve  any  kind  of  problems  marine  organisms may create, and to predict the effects of human activities on the life of the sea, we must learn all we can about  marine life.  In  addition, marine  organisms  provide clues  to  the earth’s past, the history of life, and even our own bodies that we must learn to understand. This is the challenge, the adventure, of marine biology.
From the  first time  people saw  the ocean,  they started  to learn  about marine life. Archaeologists have found ancient harpoons and simple fishbooks of bone or shell. While they gathered food, people learned through experience which things were good to  eat  and  which  were  bat-tasting  or  harmful.  Knowledge  of  the  ocean  and  its organisms expanded as people gained skills in seamanship and navigation. 
The Phoenicians were the first accomplished Western navigators and by 2000 B.C. they were sailing around the Mediterranean Sea, Red Sea, Black Sea, eastern Atlantic Ocean, and Indian Ocean. Ancient Greeks had considerable knowledge of nearshore organisms in the Mediterranean region. They even used an electric ray (Torpedo) to deliver the first electrical simulation therapy. During the 4th century B.C., the Greek philosopher  Aristotle  described  many  forms  of  marine  life.  He  even  recognized, among other things, that gills are the breathing apparatus of fish. Therefore, Aristotle is considered by many the first marine biologist. During the 9th and 10th centuries the Vikings continued the exploration of the northern Atlantic Ocean and they discovered Vinland, what we now call North America. Furthermore, Arab traders and people in the Far East also continued to explore and learn about the sea. 
During the  Renaissance,  a  lot  of  voyages of  exploration began  by the  Europeans. Christopher  Columbus  rediscovered  the  “New  World”  in  1492.  In  1519  Ferdinand Magellan embarked on the first expedition to sail around the globe. Fairly accurate maps, especially  of places  outside Europe, began to  appear for  the first  time. The explorers were soon interested and curious about the ocean they sailed and the things that lived  in it.  James Cook,  an English sea  captain, was  one of the  first to make scientific observations along the way and to include a full-time naturalist among his crew. Furthermore, Cook was the first to make use of a chronometer2 that enable him to prepare reliable charts.
By the nineteenth century it was common vessels to take a naturalist along to collect and study the  life forms that  were encountered.  Perhaps the  most famous of  these shipboard  naturalists  was  the  Englishman,  Charles  Darwin.  He  sailed  around the world on HMS Beagle for five years, horribly seasick most of the time. The Beagle’s primary mission  was to  map coastlines, but  Darwin used  the opportunity to  make detailed observations of all aspects of the natural world. This set off a train of though that  led him,  years  later,  to propose  the  theory of  evolution by  natural selection3. Darwin made many other contributions to marine biology. He explained, for example, the  formation of  the  distinctive  rings  of coral  reef  called  atolls.  He used  nets  to capture  the  tiny,  drifting organisms,  known  as  plankton,  which  marine  biologists continue to do today. Darwin’s many interests also included barnacles. Specialists still refer to his treatise on them. 
By 1701 the  shape of  the Atlantic Ocean  basin had  been  determined and Edmund Halley produced a remarkable map, considering the difficulties of the time, using data collected  during  two voyages  on the  Paramore  (1698-1700).  Halley’s  map  shows coastlines quite accurately with respect to longitude4 and also contours (isogons) of the amount  of angular  divergence between  magnetic and  geographic north.  Halley proposed  that  this  angular  divergence  should  be  measured  by  mariners  as  a contribution to determining their position.
Very few investigations of the deep oceans were done. The earliest but unsuccessful attempt was the one by Magellan in the early 16th century. He tried to sound the ocean floor of the central Pacific, but it was too deep for his sounding lines. During the 19th century studies  for the  deep oceans  were increased. The  Challenger  expedition  of 1872-76,  was  mounted  by  the  British  Government  to  collect  oceanographic information.  Challenger  underwent  extensive  renovations  in  preparation  for  the voyage. Laboratories and  quarters for the  scientific crew  were added,  and gear for dredging and taking water samples in deep water was installed. Though primitive by modern standards, the scientific equipment on board was the best of its day. Finally, in  December  1872,  Challenger  set  off.  Over  the  next  three  and  a  half  years, Challenger and her crew sailed around the world gathering information and collecting samples. A huge quantity of data was collected during the Challenger’s voyage and it was published  in 50  volumes. For  the first time  scientists began  to get a  coherent picture  of  what  the  ocean  was  like.  They  also learned  more  about  the enormous variety  of  marine  life,  for  Challenger  brought  back  samples  of  thousands  of previously unknown species. It can be considered to mark the birth of scientific study of the oceans.
In the years that followed, a series of other expeditions continued the work begun by Challenger. Major oceanographic cruises continue to this day. In many ways, thought, the voyage  of the  Challenger remains one  of the most  important in the  history of oceanography.
Accurate navigation at sea became  possible only with the  development of accurate and reliable chronometers in the 18th century that enabled longitude to be determined. The classical method of navigation used in the open sea is celestial navigation, also known as astro-navigation. The angles of the Sun, Moon, planets and stars above the horizon are measured, using a sextant5, at a precisely recorded time. The positions of these bodies in the sky can be looked up in tables and an observation of any of them gives a position line on which the ship is situated. 
Celestial navigation was  greatly used  by mariners  for centuries. Now,  navigational satellites  can provide  positions  to  within  ±  100m  virtually  anywhere  in  the  open oceans. US  Navy was the first to develop satellite navigation and it first came into civil use in 1967. Nowadays, there are many radionavigational aids, both surface and satellite-mounted.  GPS,  Global  Positioning  System,  uses  an  impressive  array  of satellites. The satellites are in circular orbits at a height of 20200 km, with 12-hour orbital periods. At least four satellites are always “in view” from a receiver anywhere on  Earth.  Each  GPS  satellite  transmits  accurately  radio  signals  including  precise information on  its  own position  in space.  This radio  signal can  be  picked up  by a receiver small  enough to  be hand-portable.  The position  of a ship  can be fixed  to within  ±100m.  “Differential  GPS”  uses  a  ship-board receiver in conjunction with a fixed receiver on  land, giving a ship’s position to ± 10m. US  military receivers have decryption codes that can extract fixes accurate t the nearest meter. Precise navigation is vital to many sorts of oceanographic study.  
In the contrary with the contoured topographic maps of land areas that are based on the measurement of height above sea level, contoured bathymetric maps are based on measurements  of  depth  below  sea-level.  Accurate  depth  determinations  became possible  only  with the  development of  echo-sounding.  Before  the  development of echo-sounders,  knowledge  of  ocean  depths  was  limited  to  relatively  few  isolated soundings that were made by lowering a weighted rope or steel plump-line until the weight reached the sea-floor. The depth was assumed to be the length of cable let out. In shallow  waters  this was done relatively  easy and  in short  time, but in  the deep oceans it could take hours and it was often of doubtful accuracy. 
Echo-sounders were first used on oceanographic expeditions in the 1920s. The time needed to carry out hundreds of depth measurements decreased in a matter of days. Accurate bathymetric maps of major features such as the Mid-Atlantic Ridge and the Marianas  Trench  were  possible to  be  produced.  For  detailed  survey  work,  swath bathymetry is now favored, using multiple narrow beams directed to either side of the ship’s track. 
Direct imaging of the sea-floor, as district from bathymetric mapping, is achieved by side-beam sonar instruments.  Satellite altimetry uses radar to measure with great accuracy the average height of the sea-surface,  which  follows  a  surface  of  equal  gravitational  potential,  the  geoid6. Transient  effects  such  as  tides,  currents,  and  atmospheric  pressure  changes,  are averaged out so that  the mean  height of  the sea-surface can  be determined.  Geoid anomalies (short-wavelength irregularities) correspond to topographic features on the ocean floor,  and the  height of  the sea-surface  can therefore  provide a  measure of bathymetry.  Imaging  radar  (SAR)  can  show  up  bathymetric  features  in  shallow waters.
Detailed exploration of oceanic crustal structure and composition began in the 1960s, with the DSDP, succeeded in 1985 by the ODP. Much has been learned with the help of new technologies for imaging and through submersible operations.
Biologists  were  excited  about  the  organisms  brought  back  by  ocean  expeditions. Unfortunately, the vessels had quarters for only a few scientists. Most biologists just got to see the dead, preserved specimens  that the ships brought back to  port. Such specimens revealed  much about  marine life around  the world, but  made biologists curious about how the organisms actually lived: how they functioned and what they did. Living specimens were essential  for  the study of these  aspects of biology, but ships usually stayed in one place only for a short time, making long-term observations and experiments impossible.
Rather than  study the ocean  from ships, biologists began  to work at  the seashore. Among the  first were two  Frenchmen, Henri  Milne Edwards  and Victor  Andouin, who around 1826 began making regular visits to the shore to study marine life. Other biologists soon followed suit. These excursions enabled the study of live organisms, but there were no permanent facilities and only a limited amount of equipment could be taken along. 
Eventually,  permanent  laboratories  were  established.  These  labs  allowed  marine biologists  to keep  organisms  alive and  to  work over  long  periods.  The  first  such laboratory  was  the  Stazione  Zoologica,  founded  in  Naples,  Italy,  by  German biologists in  1872. Other  marine  laboratories were  established as  well. Among  the earliest  in  the  United  States  were  the  Hopkins  Marine  Station  in  Pacific  Grove, California and  Scripps Institution  of Oceanography  in La Yolla,  California. In the ensuing years, more laboratories appeared all over the world, and new ones are being established even today. 
