I would be in my senior year of high school and working part time in a clothing store or in a restaurant. I would probably be aiming to participate in a STEM internship to conduct research also.
In high school
still in HS
In one year, I will be in high school.
In one year from now I would imagine that I would still be in Middle School trying to get good grades in all my classes while going into my Spanish Elective so I can speak another language.
I’ll still be in middle school.
I'm a junior currently.  So next year I'll be still in high school as a senior.
In college outside U.S
I will be in the 10th grade.
I'll still be finishing 12th grade in a year.
High school level ELA and Science, 8th grade level math.
In one year from now, I see myself developing a better work ethic in high school as well as drafting and planning out college essays, visiting campuses, and deciding on a major that I was to study in university. I also see myself gaining experience with internships as well as working a summer job.
A 12th grade student in High School
One year from now, I see myself graduating high school, getting into my dream university, and studying biology. I will start a part-time job at my university so I could be able to afford my college expenses. Get into clubs that I'm interested in so I could be involved in my school.
From one year from now I imagine myself still attending highschool.
HS
I hope to still be in high school, be taking college courses at Rcc, and have a part time job at Baskin Robins
Still studying in high school.
Still in high school with a part time job.
I will be entering my 11th grade in High School.
In one year I'm going to be a sophomore who has a good understanding of coding.
In middle school.
I don't know yet
Still in HS
I see myself doing a lot of volunteer ships and working on understanding my classes for the next school year.
Still in High School, doing extra summer classes to get ahead of my classmates and get out early.
I will go to highschool.
I’m am having all a’s and my family is happy
In High school, maybe doing a sport and being very involved in Extracurricular activities
In one year from now, I imagine myself getting accepted in a school in the East Coast such as Massachusetts Institution of Technology, investing money paid from my summer job in probably in a McDonald's restaurant, and then packing my valuable belongings to migrate to a dorm in the campus.
Still in high school without a job. I want to do extremely good in high school so I can get into a good college.
I will be in 9th grade and studying for college.
in college + hopefully interning
I will still be in high school but I would imagine myself learning more about computer science and joining clubs or sports.
I see myself still in college, entering my second year, possibly getting a part-time job (not sure where or what job)
still in HS
In one year I would still be in high school.
Still in High School
Junior Year/High School
stock market or resale

I will be studying to be an animator
Well i’m currently in high school and work at olive garden, which i love because it keeps me busy. As for my education i really want to go to college specifically at UC Riverside, I’m really interested in becoming a business analyst.
I imagine myself in Middle school in class.
I see myself admitted into a good college.
In a college dorm doing data science.
HS
I see myself still in HS. I will probably have my license and maybe a summer job.
I want to attend a 4 year university after I graduate from high school in May 2022. I would also want an internship related to data science or computer science
Completing HS/entering College
in highschool
Still in HS
I'll be in high school next year probably finishing up my prerequisite requirements in order for me to attend college so I see myself attending college in the future after that pursuing my career choice and my passion
I plan to enter college studying neuroscience with a minor or certificate program in data science.
Still in HS as a senior, but also maybe starting a part time job?
I would be ending senior and planning to attend 4 year university
I imagine myself preparing for college, with a part time job.
In one year I plan on graduating from high school and the local community college with an AA in Math, Spanish, and Political Science. I then plan to attend a 4 year university.
Still in Middle School, succeeding in my IB program.
I will be a junior in highschool studying.
one year from now, I imagine myself getting accepted in a school in the East Coast such as Massachusetts Institution of Technology, investing money paid from my summer job in probably in a McDonald's restaurant, and then packing my valuable belongings to migrate to a dorm in the campus.
doing well
I would imagine and hope that I would be in my junior year in high school.
in college with a part time job (fast food worker etc.)
In one year from now I would be about to enter my sophomore year of high school at San Pasqual.
HS
Wealthy and in the 8th grade
I'll be a senior in high school. I would be taking AP statistics and hopefully AP computer science alongside other APs. I may get a job in order to have some extra cash or to save to prepare for college.
Still in HS without a job
In one year, I imagine myself enrolled in a 4 year university although I'm unsure of which one. I intend to study political science or mathematics before entering into the workforce.
In one year I imagine myself attending my dream university, and knowing exactly what carreer I want to pursue, finding a part time job that fits my schedules, working hard and doing my best in college to outstand.
In college hopefully interning for a tech company
Getting ready for 11th grade.
Next year is my senior year of high school, and I'm trying to do as much college prep as I can. I am taking college level classes in my high school (dual and concurrent enrollment) and I'll try my best to maintain those classes.
In terms of education I imagine myself still studying through my junior year taking rigorous courses such as ap language and ap chemistry. In terms of work plans I imagine I’d be working at one of the jobs I applied at.
Entering high school as an incoming freshman.
I imagine myself being much more prepared for college and in what I want to major in.
still in junior high
In High school
In high school
In Highschool level
I would still be in High School but hopefully getting A's and B's while doing the LLS (the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society Program).
Still in High School.
still in High school
Telling the truth I hope to pass middle school alive and to get good grades but I do have other future plans.I have similar plans as my brother but some aspects are different I hope to get a scholarship for college in high school.I also want to start working when Im 16 years old so that I can have saving for when I am 18 and to pay my college .I hope to do a business course and to earn a associate degree or a bachelor's degree and finish college .
In college with a major of some sort of engineering and with a job at a fast food place.